Website Design


Are you looking to get your business online, update your blog design, showcase your photography or sell online but don’t have the time/html knowledge/design skills to create a site? I am based in the UK, and accept design clients from all over the world, and charge very competitive prices.

I will work with you through email to produce the design you are looking for – be it full webdesign (coding, graphics, Flash as appropriate), graphic design, promotional materials etc. I specialise in blog design, photography portfolios, and online boutiques. Check out my Services page for more information.

I’m a bit of a geek, and enjoy tweaking things down to the smallest detail, to get a site looking exactly how the client wants! My main aim is to take your vision – whatever you want your website to say about you and your company, and turn it into a reality. I love helping people get themselves out there on the world wide web, and I enjoy using my many years of experience, in both web design and magazine work, to help guide clients with making the most of their website and internet presence.

Please feel free to contact me, Stephanie, for a quote or to discuss your design needs or ideas at: stephanie@designbystephaniej.com

A little more about me. . .

I’ve been a freelance web and graphic designer since 2006. I was also the editor and creative director of N.E.E.T. Magazine, an online fashion and design magazine, which I self-published for over six years. I have also contributed to numerous print magazines and blogs, and am currently a contributing editor for the US women’s lifestyle magazine BUST.

I’m always available to have a chat about what you need for your business – so contact me any time,




ModRed Design is the home of Scott Bowen, a freelance graphic designer / web designer based in Swansea, South Wales. With over 10 years industry experience across the UK, taking on very technical & creative roles in design, printing & online companies, Scott can offer all the services of a larger design agency, yet in a more efficient, flexible & cost effective way.

Web Design
WEB DESIGN
Custom web design at affordable prices. Attractive, functional web design with aesthetics, page speed & search engine optimization among the top priorities.

I aim to build websites that simply work for the client, whether you need a simple business website, a content management system or a complex e-commerce solution.


GRAPHIC DESIGN & ILLUSTRATION
Creative graphic design & illustration services. With experience in print artworking, commercial illustration & front-end web design graphics, I can produce high quality artwork for a variety of purposes.

You can read more about my graphic / illustration services & see a few examples of how my work has been used.

GRAPHICS & ILLUSTRATION

Design for Print
DESIGN FOR PRINT
Professional, bespoke design, printing & delivery of any printed document. Including poster design, promotional calendars, flyer design, brochure design, large format signage & graphic display boards.

With commercial experience in several well established printing companies across England & Wales, I can produce high quality artwork for all forms of printing.


Search Engine Optimisation, means tweaking the coding on your website to ensure your business website can be found high up in the results on search engines like Google and Yahoo.

To outsiders, SEO (Search Engine Optimisation) seems like some arcane dark art. Here at EasthallDesign we can unravel this so-called dark art by discussing your best options in plain English.

Stationery, Flyers, Invitations, Teasers and Mailers. Despite the digital revolution, print will still work very hard for you when thought through and designed properly.

Whether it’s a flyer, a bespoke invitation, direct mail, or letterheads and business cards, we’ll provide tactile, eye-catching print that will hold your audience’s attention.

Lucid is Miami’s premier Web Site Design Company, we deliver premium quality web designs that are always mobile compatible and fully responsive for all types of devices including Smart Phones, Tablets, & Personal Computers. We also make sure that every website we build works with all major browsers including Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, & (our personal favorite) Google Chrome. Don’t trust your companies public digital image in the hands of amateurs who will leave you with a product that is sub-par and barely functional.

How often are you on Facebook? The growing popularity of Facebook, Twitter, and YouTube(among others) is a trend that will only continue to grow and the biggest companies in the world have noticed this, which is why you see them all having Facebook and Twitter accounts at the very least. When people spend hours of their day using these services it is only natural that marketing on these platforms should be an essential part of your marketing strategy.
Social Media marketing is the newest and hottest form of marketing and businesses of all sizes and trades are developing Social Media outlets, and if you haven’t started one for your business then you’re being left behind. Here at Lucid Site Designs we understand the importance of Social Media and we will work with your team to develop a Facebook fan page, Twitter account to develop followers, as well as viral videos on YouTube as needed to develop your brand on the global scale and increase visibility.
 

